Graduate education at the University of Michigan is a shared enterprise. The Rackham Graduate School works together with faculty in the schools and colleges of the University to provide more than 180 graduate degree programs and to sustain a dynamic intellectual climate within which graduate students thrive.
The Rackham Graduate School and the graduate program work as a team to manage the application review process. As an applicant you will be interacting with both offices.
The University of Michigan provides many sources of financial assistance to help students meet educational and living expenses. Whether you are a prospective student, a current student, a master’s or doctoral student, we want to make sure you know about the funding available for your graduate education.
From your first registration through the final stages of the degree process, we’re here to help every step of the way.
Ph.D.
D.M.A.
Rackham offers opportunities, funding, and resources that prepare graduate students and postdoctoral fellows to access the wide range of careers available to them. Our Rackham professional development and engagement programs – from our DEI Certificate to our Program in Public Scholarship – provide outlets for interdisciplinary learning and community building related to professional interests.
Resources to support the diverse backgrounds and experiences that compose our Rackham community.
Over 8,300 students are enrolled in Rackham degree programs taught and advised by faculty in graduate programs situated within 18 of the 19 schools and colleges across the Ann Arbor campus. Another 7,000 students are enrolled in graduate and professional degree programs administered separately by individual schools and colleges at U-M.
Find Rackham and university information and resources related to the evolving situation with COVID-19.
The Rackham Graduate School and the graduate program work as a team to manage the application review process. As an applicant you will be interacting with both offices.
Applicants must first consult the program website for specific requirements for admission. The program website is the official source of information for application requirements. Programs establish their own requirements and timeline for the application review. If the graduate program website is different from Rackham’s website, follow the graduate programs website instructions. Review the 
 page for program website and contact information.
The graduate program will make a decision on your application and notify both you and Rackham. If you are recommended for admission, Rackham will confirm that you meet the minimum admission requirements and finalize the offer. Review the 
 for eligibility. Applicants are not admitted until they receive an email from Rackham with the offer of admission.
Over 8,300 students are enrolled in Rackham degree programs taught and advised by faculty in graduate programs situated within 18 of the 19 schools and colleges across the Ann Arbor campus. Another 7,000 students are enrolled in graduate and professional degree programs administered separately by individual schools and colleges at U-M.
Learn about the application review process and working with Rackham Graduate School and the graduate program.
From creating an Applyweb account to submitting your letters of recommendation, see a step-by-step summary of our application process.
Required Academic Credentials from Non-U.S. Institutions
Immigration Process for International Students Transferring a Visa from Another U.S. Institution
.
To make the activity and culture of graduate programs more visible, we provide basic statistics about the master’s and Ph.D. programs at the university.
 The University of Michigan's commitment to diversity is a central part of our mission to ensure the excellence of graduate education.
Why Study Public Health?
The application for the Master of Science program in Biostatistics is administered by the Horace H. Rackham School of Graduate Studies. Applications for the Fall 2023 semester are no longer being accepted.
sph-inquiries@umich.edu
 if you have questions.
Applications are no longer being accepted for the Fall 2023 semester. Applications for the Fall 2024 semester will open in September of 2023.
 when submitting transcripts.
Courses without grades or evaluation of class performance by the instructor typically will not satisfy program admissions requirements.
The duration of this relaxation of departmental policy may be extended depending on the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic.
How Do I Apply?
Why Study Public Health?
The MS and MPH programs in Biostatistics and the MS in Health Data Science are designed for completion in four terms (twenty months) with a total of 48 credits. See requirements for each of them below. The MPH requires an 8-week internship. 
How Do I Apply?
Why Study Public Health?
Graduate programs in the Department of Biostatistics at the University of Michigan School of Public Health are among the best in the world. Currently, we are ranked as the No. 4 biostatistics department by US News and World Report. 
Alongside our world-renowned faculty, you’ll learn how to develop statistical designs and computational tools for analysis of large scale complex data in medical and health sciences, and work to apply statistical methods to discover groundbreaking scientific findings.
The Department of Biostatistics at the University of Michigan is excited to welcome to Ann Arbor its newest cohort of potential future Wolverines to the 2023 Biostatistics Admitted Student Experience (BASE).
 We are no longer accepting applications for the Fall 2023 semester. Applications for Fall 2024 will open in September 2023.
Two-year, 48-credit-hour professional degree with an emphasis on practice experience. 
Twenty-month, 48-credit-hour degree for students who plan to go on to pursue a PhD or scientific research and academic careers, including jobs in biostatistics and data science. With the MS we also offer:
 We offer two MS degrees: MS in Biostatistics and MS in Health Data Science.
High-level research track with original research as part of a doctoral dissertation. We offer two programs of study: one for students with a relevant master's degree and one for students without a relevant master's degree.
We are driven by our collective mission to help people and our resolute passion for problem solving. We are innovators and collaborators; we are thinkers and we are doers.
Our graduates have great job opportunities in academia, government, industry, and various other research institutions. Discover what you can accomplish with a degree from the Department of Biostatistics.
With more than $50M in funded research annually, Biostatistics faculty and students are conducting cutting-edge biostatistical research. They are involved in a wide range of collaborative research activities with faculty across the University of Michigan campus. Among our research areas:
Department of Biostatistics faculty and researchers have achieved national and international reputations for excellence in their field. They bring biostatistical design and analysis expertise to a wide spectrum of health-related issues.
Start with our Applications & Deadlines to learn about specific degree application deadlines and requirements. International applicants will find additional information on our International Students page.
sph-inquiries@umich.edu
If you would like to receive more information about a specific department or program, please join our interest list. You can also request a phone, zoom or in-person appointment.
How Do I Apply?
 if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
sph.umich.edu › biostat › programs › masters
The MS and MPH programs in Biostatistics and the MS in Health Data Science are designed for completion in four terms (twenty months) with a total of 48 credits.
sph.umich.edu › biostat
sph.umich.edu › biostat › programs › masters-biostat
Is a masters in biostatistics hard?
Is MS biostatistics a stem?
What is the acceptance rate for data science masters at umich?
Is University of Michigan good for Masters?
sph.umich.edu › biostat › apply-ms-biostatistics
The application for the Master of Science program in Biostatistics is administered by the Horace H. Rackham School of Graduate Studies.
sph.umich.edu › biostat › programs › masters-amd
sph.umich.edu › biostat › programs
sph.umich.edu › biostat › programs › masters-hds
sph.umich.edu › biostat › apply-mph-biostat
sph.umich.edu › biostat › masters-student-directory
sph.umich.edu › biostat › biostatistics-prospective-students
MASTER OF SCIENCE in Biostatistics Degree · MASTER OF SCIENCE in health data science Degree · MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH Degree · PhD in Biostatistics.
